README.md, before:

# AndroidAUSocketIO
AndroidAUSocketIO is library providing socketio/websocket connection form Android.
It is designed to be fast and fault tolerant.

# Run an example

run this command:

    git clone <repository-url> AndroidAUSocketIO
    
in eclipse:
 * File -> New -> Android Project from Existing Code
 * select AndroidAUSocketIO directory
 * Finish
 * build and run AndroidSocket

in ant:

	cd AndroidSocketIO
	android update lib-project -p .
	cd ..
   	cd AndroidSocket
	android update project -p .
   	ant debug
   	ant installd

# Embeding in your project

run this command:

   git submodule add <repository-url> AndroidAUSocketIO

in eclipse:
 * File -> New -> Android Project from Existing Code
 * select AndroidSocketIO directory
 * Finish
 * Your project -> properties -> Android
 * Library -> Add..
 * select AndroidSocketIO and OK

in ant:

 * XXX should be sequent number or 1 if first
 * add to your project project.properties file something like: "android.library.reference.XXX=../AndroidAUSyncer/AUSyncer"
 * run those commands:
 
		ant debug
		ant installd
		
# License

    Copyright [2012] [Jacek Marchwicki <jacek.marchwicki@gmail.com>]
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
    	http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
        
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Added gradle support
Change-Id: I13c15e819af64a37e3a7184fea93a9fb0672c576

README.md, after:

# AndroidAUSocketIO
AndroidAUSocketIO is library providing socketio/websocket connection form Android.
It is designed to be fast and fault tolerant.

# Run example from gradle

./gradlew installDebug

# Run an example from eclipse

run this command:

    git clone <repository-url> AndroidAUSocketIO
    
in eclipse:
 * File -> New -> Android Project from Existing Code
 * select AndroidAUSocketIO directory
 * Finish
 * build and run AndroidSocket

in ant:

	cd AndroidSocketIO
	android update lib-project -p .
	cd ..
   	cd AndroidSocket
	android update project -p .
   	ant debug
   	ant installd

# Embeding in your project

run this command:

   git submodule add <repository-url> AndroidAUSocketIO

in eclipse:
 * File -> New -> Android Project from Existing Code
 * select AndroidSocketIO directory
 * Finish
 * Your project -> properties -> Android
 * Library -> Add..
 * select AndroidSocketIO and OK

in ant:

 * XXX should be sequent number or 1 if first
 * add to your project project.properties file something like: "android.library.reference.XXX=../AndroidAUSyncer/AUSyncer"
 * run those commands:
 
		ant debug
		ant installd
		
# License

    Copyright [2012] [Jacek Marchwicki <jacek.marchwicki@gmail.com>]
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
    	http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
        
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
